# Hospitality-Domain-Revenue-Analysis

**Problem Statement :** This AtliQ Grands(Imaginary) owns multiple five-star hotels across India. They have been in the hospitality industry for the past 20 years. Due to strategic moves from other competitors and ineffective decision-making in management, AtliQ Grands are losing its market share and revenue in the luxury/business hotels category. As a startegic move, the managing director of AtliQ Grands wanted to  incorporate "Business and Data Intelligence" to regain their market share and revenue. However, they do not have an in-house data analytics team to provide them with these insights.

**Metrics:**
1. Created Filters by City, Room Type, Booking Platforms, Months, Week Num and Property on the top of the vizualisation dashboard.
2. Then we have a card visual which consists of Total Revenue Generated by AtliQ Grands, RevPAR (Revenue Per Avaialable Room), DSRN (Daily Sellable Room Nights), DURN (Daily Utlized Room Nights), Occupancy%, ADR (Average Daily Rate), Realisation% (Successful "Checked Out" percentage over all bookings happened), Cancellation%
3. The viz also has a pie chart denoting Revenue% based on category (Luxury & Business)
4. Next to the pie chart there is a Bar Chart which shows No. of Booking by Booking Platform and further categorized by Room Type. 
5. In any Hospitality Industry the Weekends are Fridays and Saturdays. Here there are two Table data :
     a. One shows RevPAR, Occupancy%, ADR and Realisation% for Weekdays and Weekends.
     b. Another shows City, Property ID, Name, ADR, Cancellation %, DBRN, DSRN, DURN, Occupancy%, Realisation%, RevPAR, Room Class, Average Rating and Revenue.
6. Also created a Donut Chart showing Average Rating given by the customers.
7. Now finally, there're three different graphs denoting week on week % (WOW%) change :
     a. Revenue & RevPAR WOW% Change - Yellow bar denoting RevPAR and red line denoting Revenue
     b. ADR & DSRN WOW% Change - The above bubbles denoting ADR while the below one denoting DSRN 
     c. Occupancy & Realisation WOW% Change - Red line denoting Occupancy and blue line denoting Realisation
